---
title: The Ramifications of Intra-Spacetime Energetic Dynamics
---

# Ramifications and Mathematics of Intra-Spacetime Energetic Dynamics

## Introduction

If you take energy to be the felt emotional experience that permeates our subjective experience, and also a fluid like substance that permeates space, made of information of concepts which are materialised in the world, as described by language; you can then make the step towards defining energetic dynamics as the exchange and trades and dynamics of mutual influence by parties in an interaction. You can then make a further step to denote interactions of energetic dynamics as occurring across space and time when records are viewed, modelling them also as interactions, because viewing an old letter, or watching a film can change our felt emotional experience. The idea that we are interacting across time this way, then does raise some questions - does this work as a theory?

## Ramifications

If a record is viewed in the future multiple times, then this creates a one-many relationship between the originating interaction party and the future interaction parties. How does this work?

### Hypotheses

The first hypothesis we can use is that the originating interaction party (the creator of the record) has their energy modified as an average of all future parties:

$$
E_{orig} = \frac{1}{N}\displaystyle\sum_{p=1}^N (E_{p,e}, E_{p,i}, E_{p,f})
$$

This shows an average of the energy vectors of each non-orginating party, where the energy vector of each non-originating party consists of three components: $E_e$ is the emotional component of energy (as felt), $E_i$ is the informational component of energy of the concepts being materialised (as described by language), and $E_f$ is the fluid component of energy (as linked to our breath); and p represents the iterator variable for the current non-originating interaction party.

The second hypothesis we can use uses a different paradigm - one of soul parts exchanged through the world. In this second hypothesis we say that the non-originating interaction party gave their soul-part away and then got it back at a later date: when they interacted via the record in the future. In this hypothesis their soul-part may have even possibly been traded away from the original person they gave it to, to other third-parties, until it eventually ended up with the originating party who produced the record, and then back to them to 'close' the soul-trade-path.

### Complexifying

The soul-part traded in the second hypothesis may not even be finally given to the originating interaction party before ending up with the final interaction party viewing the record in the future; it could have been traded to someone involved in the broader eco-system of the interaction, that is, for example, with those involved in the publishing of the record, or those who produced the technology that the record was transmissed over / viewed using.



